37-Updated-readme (#40)
AbsaOSS/hermes: README.md

Datasets Comparison 
Usage: spark-submit [spark options] --class za.co.absa.hermes.datasetComparison.DatasetComparisonJob hermes.jar [options]

>   -f, --format <value>     format of the raw data (csv, xml, parquet,fixed-width, etc.).

Reviewer: This is a printout of former `--help` I am not sure all the info here is correct in general. For example, there are no defaults enforced by us anymore. The defaults are spark defaults, so I would not speak about them in the README and only tell the user to follow spark defaults.

  --rowTag <value>         use the specific row tag instead of 'ROW' for XML format.
  --delimiter <value>      use the specific delimiter instead of ',' for CSV format.
  --header <value>         use the header option to consider CSV header.
  --new-path <value>       Path to the new dataset, just generated and to be tested.
  --ref-path <value>       Path to supposedly correct data set.
  --outPath <value>        Path to where the `ComparisonJob` will save the differences. 
                               This will efectivly creat a folder in which you will find two 
                               other folders. expected_minus_actual and actual_minus_expected.
                               Both hold parque data sets of differences. (minus as in is 
                               relative complement
  --keys                   If there are know unique keys, they can be specified for better
                               output. Keys should be specified one by one, with , (comma) 
                               between them.
  --help                   prints this usage text.
  

>   In case comparison of two different formats use these keys instead of the simple ones (--format, --header, --delimiter, --row-tag):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case comparison of two different formats use these keys instead of the simple ones (--format, --header, --delimiter, --rowTag):
```
